Add Error Tracking to top nav level (#21700)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/error_tracking/explorer.md

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/error_tracking/error_sample.png" alt="Lower part of the Error Tracking issue panel offering error samples" style="width:80%;" >}}

> The information shown in the issue panel varies depending on the error source. For example, an issue created from APM errors will show the error span tags, such as the resource or operation name, with direct access to the related trace or to logs that are linked to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information shown in the issue panel varies depending on the error source. For example, an issue created from APM errors shows the error span tags, such as the resource or operation name, with direct access to the related trace or to logs that are linked to it.
```
